Blogging.
So let's try to connect external device to this virtual machine.
So in my situation I used my smartphone as our external storage an external device and I connected to
do is I number one the host that hard is X I want in my situation I had this virtual machine is powered
on and is X Y number 1.
So I connect to the device or do us B.K. or is response to the host is X number one.
So for that we click on it it's sitting and we'll try to add that external device to this virtual machine.
So we click on the device like this and we click OK.
So are this one with the list of the different ways that we have I only have two Samsung Android because
my phone is some song.
So each show only some Android If I have another use became connected to the ethics line.
But what I will see it right there.
Then I chose this one or another one.
Of course we have some option connected to this device is available via motion support mission where
a device is connected.
This option lets you make the Wii motion even this device is connected and this device will be accessible
to this virtual machine from under the house.
It will go into work if not it will disconnect this one automatically.
Throw the emotion process.
So we click OK and we see the new one if you go back to your machine right here.
You will see on your device head.
Is it a new installation of the device like that it will take a little time to install the new device
and will be available in this virtual machine so any device any external device connected to the host
you can update.
Drag this option off.
Do you know if this device connector is a port of course 2 1 0 0 3 1 0.
You can order it right of course if I try to add another one it is not impossible because Dujuan is
other Id use it.
Is it hard to write some song on the right.
And it is automatically connected to the control.
If you do use control you can't connect.
Drug use be device until you use control.
Of course if you are a host Super Speed 3.0 you can it right here.
Yes be trip on zero and added to this device then you connected any hardware broke that used be the
vice.
Of course you give your order because you need to install the driver of some song inside this virtual
machine to be able to use it as our external device.
So this is the ideal if I want to unplug this one I simply got to right here.
Click on that device will be the movie.
OK.
So the device will be deleted from the virtual machine without any problem.
So I hope you try to connect any available device in your lap try to do is B.K. or an external DVD driver
or any device you have and share a screen shot of your situation from sitting and from the virtual machine
that you use with us in a discussion.
So all student know different situation that you can do Droguet the stitching of the machine the next.